FAQ 1: When is the CIT exam scheduled?
Answer: The CIT exam is scheduled for 2nd & 3rd Oct. It is an online test that can be taken using a Laptop, Tablet, or Mobile.


FAQ 2: Is there any registration fee for the exam?
Answer: The registration for the CIT exam is free for a limited period.


FAQ 3: In which fields can I secure an internship through the CIT?
Answer: Candidates can secure an internship in over 30 different domains including engineering, management, and other fields.


FAQ 4: Is the internship guaranteed?
Answer: Yes, every participant of the CIT will be guaranteed an internship opportunity.


FAQ 5: Where can I find the syllabus for the exam?
Answer: The syllabus for the CIT can be accessed at: 
https://drive.google.com/file/d/196bHqP4c0HGifyPqOAiqlhqIIf11umMq/view?usp=sharing


FAQ 6: How can I join the CIT WhatsApp community?
Answer: Join the CIT WhatsApp Community using this link: 
https://cit2.internshipstudio.com/wa


FAQ 7: How do I contact CIT support?
Answer: For further inquiries, email contact@internshipstudio.com or cit@internshipstudio.com.


FAQ 8: How can I access the CIT exam?
Answer: You can access the CIT exam after login to the CIT portal- https://cit2.internshipstudio.com/login/


FAQ 9: When are the results and internship allocation announced?
Answer: The results and internship allocation will be announced on 5th Oct, 2024.


FAQ 10: How can I download my CIT participation certificate?
Answer: The participation certificate can be downloaded on the result day from the CIT portal.


FAQ 11: What's the internship program like?
Answer: Internships last from 1 month to 6 Months depending on your availability. It can be undertaken from home or the office, depending on the arrangement.


FAQ 12: Can I register for multiple internships after qualifying for the CIT exam?
Answer: After qualifying, you can register for up to 2 internship domains.


FAQ 13: What happens if I don't qualify for the CIT exam?
Answer: You will receive a participation certificate even if you don't qualify for the exam.


FAQ 14: What is the eligibility criteria for the CIT exam?
Answer: The CIT exam is open to anyone interested in pursuing an internship in their chosen field.


FAQ 15: What is our customer care number?
Our number is 7507869003. We will be able to receive the call only on working days from 11 am to 7 pm. We will call you back if we haven’t received your call.